---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### Course Website Issue Fix:

Link to pull request: https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/73 

1) Fork Joanna's repository to my personal github account
2) $ git clone https://github.com/natalietotonchy/cs480_s18.git (clone repository so I can make the changes)
3) $ cd cs480_s18 (Enter into the directory)
4) $ ls (Locate file)
5) $ vim config.yml (Changed the string from TBD to Thursday March 8th)
6) $ git add . (Add change)
7) $ git commit -m "adding changed midterm date" (commit change to my fork)
8) $ git push origin gh-pages (push changes from my fork)
9) Go to the original repository and make a new pull request using my head fork

### Code Triage experience so far:

My experience with Code Triage has been good so far. I think its an interesting idea to color code the projects based on the number of issues each project has. It lets volunteers know which projects could use the most help and, for me, the red projects were the ones I looked at first to see if I could help with any of the issues. I also like that they send you an email daily containing an issue to work on once you've subscribed to a project. This probably helps with keeping volunteers involved with the projects and keeping them up to date with issues that come up.

I selected two projects that were interesting to me when I signed up for CodeTriage.com: selenium and gocd. 

#### selenium: 
The issue came from a user who was having trouble with their version of Selenium. When they click on a link it opens up two new windows as opposed to one and does not load the new page on either. the comment is from December 31, 2017. Someone suggested a solution to the problem on stack overflow however the user responded saying it still did not work. A member of the project requested more specific test cases form the user who was describing the issue and marked the issue as waiting for a response.

#### gocd: 
The issue suggested in the email came from a user of Go itself asking if it would be possible to change the view of the pipeline feature and add additional information such as who made the request and when. Someone responded to the request and told the user that they were working on changing the pipeline in general. However this issue is still open despite the request being made in 2015. It was marked saying that it needed someone who was interested in the issue. I think this is a long time for an issue to go unresolved.
