---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Difference Between the Cathedral Model and the Bazaar Model

I believe that the cathedral model of software development is best characterized by its name. A cathedral is traditional, it is old and established and many people have faith in it and believe that it is a solid structure. This is what I believe the software model emulates as well. It's seniority gives it precedent and respect among many developers. It has a clear structure and is built by a select group of people before being open to the public. This limits the ability to have innovative and diverse features since the model only allows a select few to create it and work on it. There is less freedom for the project to take any shape.

A bazaar on the other hand is open, anyone is able to enter and browse the offerings and, if they so wish, to buy or sell items there. The software model is similar to this. It is open to anyone who is interested or perhaps even curious. It accepts what each individual has to offer and as more people contribute to the bazaar (or software model) it becomes much a more diverse market (or code) and is able to have features that it may not have had without opening its doors to others. However, with the bazaar style there is less apparent security and stability during the course of the project since many ideas and contirbutors are all involved. 

I believe I would be more comfortable in a cathedral environment at this point in my programming career. At this moment I think I need structure and stability and would not do very well in a bazaar model environment. However, that being said, I really believe in and appreciate the bazaar software model and hope that when I'm more confident in my abilities that I can become a part of a bazaar model some day.

### Two Lessons from "The Cathedral and The Bazaar"

#6 Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging.

It's interesting that this lesson considers users' opinions as the least-hassle route to rapid code improvement. I would imagine that it wouldn't be the least-hassle route because while it is important to rely on the user's opinions, they are not always constructive or helpful.

#10 If you treat your beta-testers as if they’re your most valuable resource, they will respond by becoming your most valuable resource.

I like this idea that beta-testers are a truly valuable resource. The idea follows the open source way of thinking that the more open developers are to other opinions and ideas, the better the code or project will become.
