---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### Reflection on Danna Kelmer Talk

I appreciate Google's attempt to enter the open source community and movement, however, it is clear that their primary concern is to keep their technology hidden from the outside world. Sure they have certain technologies that are open to the public to contribute to but I think their process of excepting changes reflects how they truly feel about open source. The fact that there is the internal software and then the external version and that your change may work externally but then not work with something internally and they dont tell you what the issue is, is very frustrating. I think you can tell where their priorities lie and open source is just not on the top of the list.

### Team Project Progress

Our team is progressing very well. This past week we have worked to try and solve the issue with the editing topic titles of chats, however we have decided that this issue is too big for us to tackle since it is not only a software issue but a conceptual issue with the design of Zulip. This week I worked on going through the code files to try to find the location of the function being called that deals with the editing of the topic, however I was unable to find it like my fellow group mates.

### Go Project Code of Conduct

There are many benefits to having a code of conduct for a project. It is helpful in resolving conflicts and making sure that people behave correctly to ensure that there is no friction with people of different backgrounds or personalities. It also helps people entering the project for the first time to know that the community is welcoming and open to outsiders. I think other projects would benefit from having this kind of document because should someone behave improperly, they can refer them to the expectations that the community has of its members. Our project Zulip does have a code of conduct. It can be found here: http://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code-of-conduct.html
