---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### Open source:

When I hear the term "open source" I think of code that is open to the public and is able to be edited by anyone anywhere in the world with access to that code. I think primarily of source code, not non-code options, in fact I'm not sure how someone makes non-code contributions to a project. Some advantages to open source is that you can get many opinions and eyes to look at the code which will make any errors and improvements more likely to be made or resolved. Closed source advantages would primarily be the privacy. You would not be showing your source code or ideas to the public and will ensure no one copies or imitiates that work. Some disadvantages are that you do not get many people looking at the code and therefore may make some errors. Some disadvantages to open source is that you must spend some time deciding whether or not to approve the contributions that others make to the project. This can occupy much of the developers' time and can take time away from them working on the project themselves.

### Projects: list names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based)

*Eclipse IDE*
\pI use this IDE when writing code in Java. It is an open source development tool, and it made writing Java code much easier for me with all of the helpful features it has. An alternative might be PyCharm (an IDE for Python) but that is not open source.

*Wordpress*

I have not used this personally but I know friends in other fields such as marketing and communications that have needed to use this website creation product. It is an open source website software that makes creating a website easy for the user. An alternative might be Wix, which is a cloud based web development platform.

*Wikipedia*

Wikipedia is an example of open source that is not code. It is a website that has information on any subject or topic but all content is created by people around the world. I have used this website to get information although you must be wary when using it since it is not always valid information. An alternative is another encyclopedia site such as Encyclopedia Britannica Online or also you could go to the library and pick up a physical copy of an encyclopedia.

*Audacity*

Audacity is a free cross platform sound editor that is open source. I used to use it when I was younger to make sound files for class or for fun. An alternative that is not open source is GarageBand created by Apple.

### Questions for Tom:

1. Do you think open source is the future of software development? Why or why not?

2. Are there certain types of projects that would be harmed by being open source?
