---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### Humanitarian Open Source Projects

According to the Merrian Webster dictionary, the definition of the word humanitarian (adj) is "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people". Consider the open source projects that you are familiar with (not necesserily the one that you are working on in this class). Could any of them  be classified as humanitarian  or having humanitarian aspect? Explain. 

One humanitarian open source project is Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team (HOT). Definitely humanitarian since the word is in the name ;) This community project began after the earthquake in Haiti in 2010. People in the community started tracing streets and roads, place names, and any other data that could be collected from before the earthquake hit the country. The project remained active during the recovery process. The team at HOT are crowdsourcing mappers provide invaluable aid to aid agencies.

### Project Progress

Our group has created a list of potential issues that we can attempt to fix or submit a future pull request for. We will review them and select on at the next group meeting this Wednesday.

### What is the next thing that you (as an individual) will be working on (as part of your team project)?

Personally, I will be working on finding more potential issues to be solved. Also I will be reviewing the basics of Python in order to be able to contribute to the solution effectively.
