---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

#### Open Source Group Project Questions:

## What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?

When I am looking for an open source project to work on I am looking to see that the community is not very closed off and is accepting  and welcoming towards newcomers. I am also looking to see that they are constantly active and engaged in their project issues.

## What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project?

I would be able to offer help in almost any non code contribution such as editing descriptions or even re-writing or adding to the documentation of the code. In terms of actual coding help, I am fairly confident in Java and may be able to help make simple additions to the code for example adding a for loop or something small like that. I do not consider myself a very advanced programmer so I would not be comfortable attempting to change very complex code or making contributions of that nature (yet).

## What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

I am hoping to learn more about the process and have an actual interaction over my contribution or issue with someone who is a core member of the project. As of right now, I believe I understand the technical aspect of contributing but I have not experienced the social aspect of contributing, so I'm excited to see how that works out.

## What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project? 

I am most worried that I will not be able to make any meaningful contributions or that I will make a contribution that harms the project rather than helping it. I am also worried that I will not be accepted by the longstanding and leading project community members.

#### Contributions this week:

#### Questions for Aurelia:

1) What drew you towards being such an active member in open source projects?

2) What is your favorite part about working in open source software development?
